Update the header of every file - new comments (#108188)
AdguardTeam/AdguardFilters: ChineseFilter/sections/general_url.txt

!

> ! This section contains the list of the generic rules against ads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
! This section contains the list of generic blocking rules.
```

!
! Good: .org/ads/

> ! Bad: .org/ads/$domain=example.org (for instance, should be in general_extensions.txt)

Reviewer: Why `general_extensions.txt`? This is a domain-specific rule.

Author: Indeed.
